Z-Wave reset adapter: add steps (#40412)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/zwave_js.markdown

    ![Screenshot showing the device panel of a Z-Wave adapter](/images/integrations/z-wave/z-wave-controller-commands.png)

> 4. On the device info page, check the logbook. When you see that the firmware became unavailable, the reset process is finished.

Reviewer: It's better to check the status entity. The firmware entity may not always be present.
```suggestion
4. On the device info page, check the logbook. When you see that the status entity became unavailable, the reset process is finished.
```
